In this video, we are going to go ahead
and implement the Vet Index Page and
controller. We're just going to put a
stub of the index page in for right now
just like we did on the main index page.
What we want to do is come over here
to IntelliJ. I'm actually going to
stop Spring Boot. I already had that
running. We'll shut that down. We can
see that we have the templates,
index.html. What we want to do is
Vets. We'll convert a directory
called vets.
I'm going to go ahead and come in
here and say create New HTML File.
There's a couple school of thought
on this. You can do something specific.
You could say that List is for the name
or index. I am choosing to use index. That
is my personal style. It's perfectly fine
to use something named just in my head
the way it works if you go to slash out
of just the root of any web application,
the index.html traditionally what is
rendered. I'm going to the path
of vets and index.html is what's going
to be rendered. That's just my
personal belief. You may do it any way
you want. But what I want to do here is I
cannot remember that whole xml namespace
tag so I'm going to grab that.
Point that into here.
You can say a List of Vets for the title.
h1
th
text and I'm going to say single quote
List of Vets
and say like so. I'll make a little bit
different there. So now, we can see that
get rendered and now what we also need
to do is create our controller. I'm
going to say a New Class,
VetController. Add that to Git.
Now, we'll make that a Controller.
I'm just calling indexer, actually, let's call it listVets.
That will not take anything for
right now.
What we're going to return is
a string of vets/index.
What this is doing is it's coming
back and it's returning that string
vet /index. That's kind of correspond to
inside of templates the folder vets and
the Thymeleaf template file index.html
so that's how that's going to work.
The last thing that we need to do
here is come over here and say
RequestMapping.
We're going to do is /vets.
I'm just making this a little
friendly for our users. I'll say also
/vets/
and that's just a little bit of polishing
down there. I could just map the single
path of /vets and just ignore if
somebody types in vets/index and
vets/index.html. Just do the same
there, either is perfectly fine.
Let's go ahead and test this. I got
that. Let's go ahead and run the
application. You can see it start up and
compile.
We'll see the pass that
maps going by, and now we can see here,
highlight this line here, we can see that
vets is now mapped as we expected.
Let's come over here to Chrome.
If I come over here and do
/vets
I have Lists of Vets displayed in the
browser. Let's see here, that was
#seven. So now we'll go over and
close out #seven.
I will Commit and Push that.
Say Push.
Come over here. As soon as
that pushes complete, we will see that
change to closed, and there's closed.